System.CommandLine documentation (#28072)
dotnet/docs: docs/standard/commandline/dependency-injection.md

---
title: How to do dependency injection in System.CommandLine
description: "Learn how to do dependency injection in System.CommandLine."
ms.date: 01/25/2022
no-loc: [System.CommandLine]
helpviewer_keywords:
  - "command line interface"
  - "command line"
  - "System.CommandLine"
ms.topic: how-to
---
# How to do dependency injection in System.CommandLine

[!INCLUDE [scl-preview](../../../includes/scl-preview.md)]

Use a [custom binder](model-binding.md#model-binding-more-than-16-options-and-arguments) to inject custom types into a command handler.

We recommend handler-specific dependency injection (DI) for the following reasons:

> * Command-line apps are often short-lived processes, in which startup cost can have a noticeable impact on performance. Optimizing performance is particularly important when tab completions have to be calculated. The startup cost of configuring a DI container up front is acceptable in Web and GUI apps because they tend to be relatively long-lived processes.

Reviewer: Consider: 

```suggestion
* Command-line apps are often short-lived processes, in which startup cost can have a noticeable impact on performance. Optimizing performance is particularly important when tab completions have to be calculated. Unlike Web and GUI apps that tend to be relatively long-lived processes, CLI apps are often short lived where unnecessary startup time is not appropriate.
```
